docs/event-types/overview.mdx, before:

---
title: "Event Types"
description: "Overview of all Flare API event types"
---

| Event Type      | Documentation                                                                   |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `blog_post`     | [Blog Post <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/blog-post)              |
| `bucket_object` | [Bucket Object <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/bucket-object)      |
| `bucket`        | [Bucket <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/bucket)                    |
| `document`      | [Ransomleak (document) <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/document)   |
| `domain`        | [Lookalike Domain (domain) <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/domain) |
| `experimental`  | [Experimental <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/experimental)        |
| `forum_post`    | [Forum Post <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/forum-post)            |
| `forum_topic`   | [Forum Topic <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/forum-topic)          |
| `google`        | [Google <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/google)                    |
| `leak`          | [Leaked Credentials (leak) <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/leak)   |
| `listing`       | [Listing <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/listing)                  |
| `paste`         | [Paste <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/paste)                      |
| `profile`       | [Profile <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/profile)                  |
| `seller`        | [Seller <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/seller)                    |
| `source_code`   | [Source code <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/source-code)          |
| `stealer_log`   | [Stealer Log <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/stealer-log)          |

Commit message:

events: add categories and other less documented event types (#144)

docs/event-types/overview.mdx, after:

---
title: "Event Types"
description: "Overview of all Flare API event types"
---

| Event Type                                                                | Documentation                                                                                                                       |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `blog_post`                                                               | [Blog Post <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/blog-post)                                                                  |
| `bucket_object`                                                           | [Bucket Object <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/bucket-object)                                                          |
| `bucket`                                                                  | [Bucket <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/bucket)                                                                        |
| `document`                                                                | [Ransomleak (document) <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/document)                                                       |
| `domain`                                                                  | [Lookalike Domain (domain) <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/domain)                                                     |
| `experimental`                                                            | [Experimental <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/experimental)                                                            |
| `forum_post`                                                              | [Forum Post <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/forum-post)                                                                |
| `forum_topic`                                                             | [Forum Topic <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/forum-topic)                                                              |
| `google`                                                                  | [Google <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/google)                                                                        |
| `leak`                                                                    | [Leaked Credentials (leak) <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/leak)                                                       |
| `listing`                                                                 | [Listing <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/listing)                                                                      |
| `paste`                                                                   | [Paste <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/paste)                                                                          |
| `profile`                                                                 | [Profile <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/profile)                                                                      |
| `seller`                                                                  | [Seller <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/seller)                                                                        |
| `source_code`                                                             | [Source code <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/source-code)                                                              |
| `stealer_log`                                                             | [Stealer Log <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/event-types/stealer-log)                                                              |
| `driller`, `driller_forum_topic`, `driller_forum_post`, `driller_profile` | Not intended to be directly searchable, can be found by searching the types they power like `source_code`, `google` or `forum_post` |
| `chat_message`                                                            | Chats that are ingested, mostly Telegram.                                                                                           |
| `attachment`                                                              | Attachments that are collected in telegram chats.                                                                                   |
| `social_media`                                                            | Social media accounts that we find related to events that match identifiers.                                                        |
| `experimental`                                                            | Evolving list of test sources uncovered by our research team.                                                                       |
| `service`                                                                 | Hosts with potentially exposed services that we discover on the open web.                                                           |

# Categories

See [Event Source Filters <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/advanced/event-source-filters)
