docs/api-reference/leaksdb/endpoints/get-credentials-by-domain.mdx, before:

---
title: "List by Domain"
api: "GET https://api.flare.io/leaksdb/v2/credentials/by_domain/{domain}"
---

Returns a list of accounts matching the domain provided.

Results are returned in ascending order by id.

<ResponseExample>

```json Response Example
{
    "items": [
        {
            "domain": "scatterholt.com",
            "hash": "B@dPassw0rd",
            "id": 33880703907,
            "identity_name": "ryan.howard@scatterholt.com",
            "imported_at": "2024-07-22T19:25:52.893439+00:00",
            "known_password_id": null,
            "source": {
                "breached_at": null,
                "description_en": "Collection of multiple combo lists (emails and passwords) exchanged on illicit networks.",
                "description_fr": "Collection de multiples listes \"combos\" (adresses courriel et mots de passe) \u00e9chang\u00e9es sur des r\u00e9seaux illicites.",
                "id": "combolists",
                "is_alert_enabled": true,
                "leaked_at": null,
                "name": "Combolists"
            },
            "source_id": "combolists"
        },
        {
            "domain": "scatterholt.com",
            "hash": "1qaz2wsx",
            "id": 33880703906,
            "identity_name": "ryan.howard@scatterholt.com",
            "imported_at": "2024-07-22T19:25:52.893439+00:00",
            "known_password_id": null,
            "source": {
                "breached_at": null,
                "description_en": "Collection of multiple combo lists (emails and passwords) exchanged on illicit networks.",
                "description_fr": "Collection de multiples listes \"combos\" (adresses courriel et mots de passe) \u00e9chang\u00e9es sur des r\u00e9seaux illicites.",
                "id": "combolists",
                "is_alert_enabled": true,
                "leaked_at": null,
                "name": "Combolists"
            },
            "source_id": "combolists"
        }
    ],
    "next": "WyJjb20uc2NhdHRlcmhvbHQiLCAxNjczNjg4ODg4NV0"
}
```

</ResponseExample>

## Paging

This endpoint supports the 
[Flare standard paging pattern <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/concepts/paging).

## Path Parameters

<ParamField path="domain" type="string" required>
  The domain to look up.
</ParamField>

## Query Parameters

<ParamField query="size" type="number">
  Maximum size of the JSON object that will be returned (maximum 10 000) 
</ParamField>

<ParamField query="from" type="number">
  The `next` value from the last response.
</ParamField>

Commit message:

creds-by-domain: add cross-ref to guide

docs/api-reference/leaksdb/endpoints/get-credentials-by-domain.mdx, after:

---
title: "List by Domain"
api: "GET https://api.flare.io/leaksdb/v2/credentials/by_domain/{domain}"
---

Returns a list of accounts matching the domain provided.

Results are returned in ascending order by id.

<ResponseExample>

```json Response Example
{
    "items": [
        {
            "domain": "scatterholt.com",
            "hash": "B@dPassw0rd",
            "id": 33880703907,
            "identity_name": "ryan.howard@scatterholt.com",
            "imported_at": "2024-07-22T19:25:52.893439+00:00",
            "known_password_id": null,
            "source": {
                "breached_at": null,
                "description_en": "Collection of multiple combo lists (emails and passwords) exchanged on illicit networks.",
                "description_fr": "Collection de multiples listes \"combos\" (adresses courriel et mots de passe) \u00e9chang\u00e9es sur des r\u00e9seaux illicites.",
                "id": "combolists",
                "is_alert_enabled": true,
                "leaked_at": null,
                "name": "Combolists"
            },
            "source_id": "combolists"
        },
        {
            "domain": "scatterholt.com",
            "hash": "1qaz2wsx",
            "id": 33880703906,
            "identity_name": "ryan.howard@scatterholt.com",
            "imported_at": "2024-07-22T19:25:52.893439+00:00",
            "known_password_id": null,
            "source": {
                "breached_at": null,
                "description_en": "Collection of multiple combo lists (emails and passwords) exchanged on illicit networks.",
                "description_fr": "Collection de multiples listes \"combos\" (adresses courriel et mots de passe) \u00e9chang\u00e9es sur des r\u00e9seaux illicites.",
                "id": "combolists",
                "is_alert_enabled": true,
                "leaked_at": null,
                "name": "Combolists"
            },
            "source_id": "combolists"
        }
    ],
    "next": "WyJjb20uc2NhdHRlcmhvbHQiLCAxNjczNjg4ODg4NV0"
}
```

</ResponseExample>

## Paging

This endpoint supports the 
[Flare standard paging pattern <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/concepts/paging).

## Guides

See the guide for using this endpoint:
[Exporting a Domain's Credentials <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/guides/credentials-export-domain).

## Path Parameters

<ParamField path="domain" type="string" required>
  The domain to look up.
</ParamField>

## Query Parameters

<ParamField query="size" type="number">
  Maximum size of the JSON object that will be returned (maximum 10 000) 
</ParamField>

<ParamField query="from" type="number">
  The `next` value from the last response.
</ParamField>
