docs/api-reference/leaksdb/endpoints/get-by-domain.mdx, before:

---
title: "List by Domain"
api: "GET https://api.flare.io/leaksdb/identities/by_domain/{domain}"
---

Returns a list of accounts matching the domain provided.
The format of the domain should include everything after the `@`.

Results are returned in ascending order by id.

<ResponseExample>

```json Response Example
[
    {
        "links": {},
        "name": "price.glenn@example.com",
        "passwords": [
            {
                "credential_hash": "da7932a62841a48cc06e639be10cdb1f",
                "domain": "example.com",
                "extra": {},
                "hash": "Secret123!",
                "hash_type": "unknown",
                "id": 5378,
                "imported_at": "2019-06-03T14:20:25.132662+00:00",
                "source": {
                    "breached_at": "2019-01-07T21:59:00+00:00",
                    "description": "In January 2019, a large collection of credential stuffing lists (combinations of email addresses and passwords used to hijack accounts on other services) was discovered being distributed on a popular hacking forum. The data contained almost 2.7 billion records including 773 million unique email addresses alongside passwords those addresses had used on other breached services.",
                    "description_fr": "En janvier 2019, une grande collection de listes de bourrage d'identifiants (combinaisons d'adresses \u00e9lectroniques et de mots de passe utilis\u00e9s pour prendre contr\u00f4le de comptes sur d'autres services) a \u00e9t\u00e9 diffus\u00e9e sur un forum de piratage populaire. Les donn\u00e9es contenaient pr\u00e8s de 2,7 milliards d'enregistrements, dont 773 millions d'adresses \u00e9lectroniques uniques aux c\u00f4t\u00e9s de mots de passe que ces adresses avaient utilis\u00e9s sur d'autres services ayant subi des br\u00e8ches de donn\u00e9es.",
                    "hash_description": "plaintext",
                    "hash_type": "Plaintext",
                    "id": "collection-1",
                    "is_alerts_enabled": false,
                    "leaked_at": "2019-01-07T21:59:00+00:00",
                    "name": "Collection-1",
                    "related_urls": [
                        "https://www.troyhunt.com/the-773-million-record-collection-1-data-reach/"
                    ],
                    "url": null
                },
                "source_id": "collection-1",
                "source_params": null
            }
        ]
    }
]
```

</ResponseExample>

## Paging

By using the id of the last item from a request as the value for the query parameter from of the following request, you will be able to scroll through results.
When the result contains an empty list, you know that you received all results

## Path Parameters

<ParamField path="domain" type="string" required>
  The domain you want to lookup.
</ParamField>

## Query Parameters

<ParamField query="size" type="number">
  Maximum size of the JSON object that will be returned (maximum 10 000) 
</ParamField>

<ParamField query="from" type="number">
  Id of the database entry you want to start from (excluding this id).
</ParamField>

Commit message:

leaksdb: document leaksdb/credentials/by_domain

docs/api-reference/leaksdb/endpoints/get-by-domain.mdx, after:

---
title: "List by Domain (deprecated)"
api: "GET https://api.flare.io/leaksdb/identities/by_domain/{domain}"
---

<Warning>
**DEPRECATED:** This endpoint should be replaced by
[/credentials/by_domain <Icon icon="code" size={16} />](/api-reference/leaksdb/endpoints/get-credentials-by-domain).
</Warning>

Returns a list of accounts matching the domain provided.
The format of the domain should include everything after the `@`.

Results are returned in ascending order by id.

<ResponseExample>

```json Response Example
[
    {
        "links": {},
        "name": "price.glenn@example.com",
        "passwords": [
            {
                "credential_hash": "da7932a62841a48cc06e639be10cdb1f",
                "domain": "example.com",
                "extra": {},
                "hash": "Secret123!",
                "hash_type": "unknown",
                "id": 5378,
                "imported_at": "2019-06-03T14:20:25.132662+00:00",
                "source": {
                    "breached_at": "2019-01-07T21:59:00+00:00",
                    "description": "In January 2019, a large collection of credential stuffing lists (combinations of email addresses and passwords used to hijack accounts on other services) was discovered being distributed on a popular hacking forum. The data contained almost 2.7 billion records including 773 million unique email addresses alongside passwords those addresses had used on other breached services.",
                    "description_fr": "En janvier 2019, une grande collection de listes de bourrage d'identifiants (combinaisons d'adresses \u00e9lectroniques et de mots de passe utilis\u00e9s pour prendre contr\u00f4le de comptes sur d'autres services) a \u00e9t\u00e9 diffus\u00e9e sur un forum de piratage populaire. Les donn\u00e9es contenaient pr\u00e8s de 2,7 milliards d'enregistrements, dont 773 millions d'adresses \u00e9lectroniques uniques aux c\u00f4t\u00e9s de mots de passe que ces adresses avaient utilis\u00e9s sur d'autres services ayant subi des br\u00e8ches de donn\u00e9es.",
                    "hash_description": "plaintext",
                    "hash_type": "Plaintext",
                    "id": "collection-1",
                    "is_alerts_enabled": false,
                    "leaked_at": "2019-01-07T21:59:00+00:00",
                    "name": "Collection-1",
                    "related_urls": [
                        "https://www.troyhunt.com/the-773-million-record-collection-1-data-reach/"
                    ],
                    "url": null
                },
                "source_id": "collection-1",
                "source_params": null
            }
        ]
    }
]
```

</ResponseExample>

## Paging

By using the id of the last item from a request as the value for the query parameter from of the following request, you will be able to scroll through results.
When the result contains an empty list, you know that you received all results

## Path Parameters

<ParamField path="domain" type="string" required>
  The domain to look up.
</ParamField>

## Query Parameters

<ParamField query="size" type="number">
  Maximum size of the JSON object that will be returned (maximum 10 000) 
</ParamField>

<ParamField query="from" type="number">
  Id of the database entry you want to start from (excluding this id).
</ParamField>
