docs/guides/cookie-monitoring.mdx, before:

---
title: "Monitor Leaked Cookies for Your Domain (beta)"
---

import GatedAccessFeature from '/snippets/gated-access-feature.mdx';

<GatedAccessFeature />

Flare's
[Leaked Cookies API <Icon icon="code" size={16} />](/api-reference/leaksdb/endpoints/post-cookies-search)
allows for searching in cookies matching your domains found in stealer logs.
Integrators may use this API to identify and invalidate sessions before they are taken over.

This will guide will explain how to use the Leaked Cookies API to monitor for newly found cookies and invalidate
their session.

## Prequisites

- Cookie monitoring must be enabled for your tenant. This feature must be activated by Flare Support.
- Access to a mechanism by which you may verify a cookie's validity.
- Access to a mechanism by which you may invalidate a cookie.

## Steps

<Steps>

  <Step title="Fetch one page of results">
    Use the `cookies/_search` endpoint to fetch one page of results.

    If the returned page of results is empty, this means that all cookies were viewed.
  </Step>

  <Step title="Verify and Invalidate">
    Loop over the response's items to verify the cookie's validity and invalidate the cookie.
  </Step>

  <Step title="Ratelimit and go to step 1">
      Wait one second to avoid going over the API rate limit. Then, go back to step 1 to fetch the next page.
  </Step>

</Steps>

## End-to-End Examples

These are end-to-end examples in various programming languages.

<AccordionGroup>

<Accordion title="Python SDK Example">
```python
import os
import time

from datetime import datetime
from datetime import timezone
from flareio import FlareApiClient


api_client = FlareApiClient(
    api_key=os.environ["FLARE_API_KEY"],
)

last_from: str | None = None
fetched_pages: int = 0

for resp in api_client.scroll(
    method="POST",
    url="/leaksdb/v2/cookies/_search",
    json={
        "from": last_from,
        "domain": "scatterholt.com",
        "paths": ["/", "/login"],
        "names": ["session"],
        "expires_after": datetime.now(
            timezone.utc
        ).isoformat(),  # Search for cookies not yet expired
    },
):
    # Rate limiting.
    time.sleep(1)

    resp_data: dict = resp.json()

    fetched_pages += 1
    num_results: int = len(resp_data["items"])
    print(f"Fetched page {fetched_pages} with {num_results} results...")

    # Save the last "next" value.
    last_from = resp_data.get("next") or last_from

    # Iterate on cookies in the current page
    for cookie in resp_data["items"]:
        # Invalidate the cookie here
        print(f"Cookie Value: {cookie['value']}")
```
</Accordion>

</AccordionGroup>

Commit message:

cookie-monitoring: point to project template

docs/guides/cookie-monitoring.mdx, after:

---
title: "Monitor Leaked Cookies for Your Domain (beta)"
---

import GatedAccessFeature from '/snippets/gated-access-feature.mdx';

<GatedAccessFeature />

Flare's
[Leaked Cookies API <Icon icon="code" size={16} />](/api-reference/leaksdb/endpoints/post-cookies-search)
allows for searching in cookies matching your domains found in stealer logs.
Integrators may use this API to identify and invalidate sessions before they are taken over.

This will guide will explain how to use the Leaked Cookies API to monitor for newly found cookies and invalidate
their session.

## Prequisites

- Cookie monitoring must be enabled for your tenant. This feature must be activated by Flare Support.
- Access to a mechanism by which you may verify a cookie's validity.
- Access to a mechanism by which you may invalidate a cookie.

## Steps

<Steps>

  <Step title="Fetch one page of results">
    Use the `cookies/_search` endpoint to fetch one page of results.

    If the returned page of results is empty, this means that all cookies were viewed.
  </Step>

  <Step title="Verify and Invalidate">
    Loop over the response's items to verify the cookie's validity and invalidate the cookie.
  </Step>

  <Step title="Ratelimit and go to step 1">
      Wait one second to avoid going over the API rate limit. Then, go back to step 1 to fetch the next page.
  </Step>

</Steps>

## Full Project Template

Flare maintains a full project example on Github:
- https://github.com/Flared/cookie-monitoring

It can serve as a starting point to implement automated session revocation in your organization. 

## End-to-End API Example

These are end-to-end examples in various programming languages.

<AccordionGroup>

<Accordion title="Python SDK Example">
```python
import os
import time

from datetime import datetime
from datetime import timezone
from flareio import FlareApiClient


api_client = FlareApiClient(
    api_key=os.environ["FLARE_API_KEY"],
)

last_from: str | None = None
fetched_pages: int = 0

for resp in api_client.scroll(
    method="POST",
    url="/leaksdb/v2/cookies/_search",
    json={
        "from": last_from,
        "domain": "scatterholt.com",
        "paths": ["/", "/login"],
        "names": ["session"],
        "expires_after": datetime.now(
            timezone.utc
        ).isoformat(),  # Search for cookies not yet expired
    },
):
    # Rate limiting.
    time.sleep(1)

    resp_data: dict = resp.json()

    fetched_pages += 1
    num_results: int = len(resp_data["items"])
    print(f"Fetched page {fetched_pages} with {num_results} results...")

    # Save the last "next" value.
    last_from = resp_data.get("next") or last_from

    # Iterate on cookies in the current page
    for cookie in resp_data["items"]:
        # Invalidate the cookie here
        print(f"Cookie Value: {cookie['value']}")
```
</Accordion>

</AccordionGroup>
