docs/guides/global-search.mdx, before:

---
title: "Search in All of Flare's Events"
---

Global searches in Flare is exposed through the
[global/_search <Icon icon="code" size={16} />](/api-reference/v4/endpoints/global-search)
endpoint.

This guide details a typical search use case and provides an example for how to impement it.


## Use Case

- Export all chat messages collected by Flare in the last 6 hours that match the `fraud` keyword.
- Save our last page cursor so that we can resume fetching results in a future execution.

## Body Parameters

To achieve the desired results, the following body parameters will be used:

| Parameter | Value | Justification |
| --------- | ----- | ------------- |
| query.query_string | fraud | The keyword we are looking for. |
| filter.types | chat_message | Retrieve only the chat_message events. |
| order | asc | Retrieve results in ascending order so that we can resume fetching in the future. |
| filter.estimated_created_at.gte | `<from_date>` | Replace `<from_date>` with a timestamp that corresponds to 6 hours that we can fetch all results until the current time.


## Paging

The search endpoint uses parameters that match the
[Flare standard paging pattern <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/concepts/paging).


## Fetching new results in future executions

It is possible to save the `next` in a database and use it to resume fetching new results in the future.
However, it is important that future requests use the same parameters for everything else but `next`. Even the time filter.

## End-to-End Examples

These are end-to-end examples in various programming languages.

<AccordionGroup>

<Accordion title="Python SDK Example">
```python
import datetime
import os
import time

from flareio import FlareApiClient


api_client = FlareApiClient(
    api_key=os.environ["FLARE_API_KEY"],
)

from_timestamp: str = (
    datetime.datetime.now(tz=datetime.timezone.utc) - datetime.timedelta(hours=1)
).isoformat()

last_from: str | None = None
fetched_pages: int = 0

for resp in api_client.scroll(
    method="POST",
    url="/firework/v4/events/global/_search",
    json={
        "size": 10,
        "order": "asc",
        "from": None,
        "filters": {
            "type": ["chat_message"],
            "estimated_created_at": {"gte": from_timestamp},
        },
        "query": {
            "type": "query_string",
            "query_string": "hello",
        },
    },
):
    # Rate limiting (search).
    time.sleep(1)

    resp_data: dict = resp.json()
    items: list[dict] = resp_data["items"]

    fetched_pages += 1
    print(f"Fetched page {fetched_pages} with {len(items)} results...")

    # Save the last "next" value.
    last_from = resp_data.get("next") or last_from

    # (Optional): Get the full data
    for item in items:
        # Rate limiting (default).
        time.sleep(0.25)

        event_response = api_client.get(
            url="/firework/v2/activities/",
            params={
                "uid": item["metadata"]["uid"],
            },
        )

        full_data = event_response.json()
        print(f"Here is the full data of the event: {full_data}")
```
</Accordion>

</AccordionGroup>

Commit message:

examples: explain the purpose of last_from

docs/guides/global-search.mdx, after:

---
title: "Search in All of Flare's Events"
---

Global searches in Flare is exposed through the
[global/_search <Icon icon="code" size={16} />](/api-reference/v4/endpoints/global-search)
endpoint.

This guide details a typical search use case and provides an example for how to impement it.


## Use Case

- Export all chat messages collected by Flare in the last 6 hours that match the `fraud` keyword.
- Save our last page cursor so that we can resume fetching results in a future execution.

## Body Parameters

To achieve the desired results, the following body parameters will be used:

| Parameter | Value | Justification |
| --------- | ----- | ------------- |
| query.query_string | fraud | The keyword we are looking for. |
| filter.types | chat_message | Retrieve only the chat_message events. |
| order | asc | Retrieve results in ascending order so that we can resume fetching in the future. |
| filter.estimated_created_at.gte | `<from_date>` | Replace `<from_date>` with a timestamp that corresponds to 6 hours that we can fetch all results until the current time.


## Paging

The search endpoint uses parameters that match the
[Flare standard paging pattern <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/concepts/paging).


## Fetching new results in future executions

It is possible to save the `next` in a database and use it to resume fetching new results in the future.
However, it is important that future requests use the same parameters for everything else but `next`. Even the time filter.

## End-to-End Examples

These are end-to-end examples in various programming languages.

<AccordionGroup>

<Accordion title="Python SDK Example">
```python
import datetime
import time

from flareio import FlareApiClient


api_client = FlareApiClient.from_env()

from_timestamp: str = (
    datetime.datetime.now(tz=datetime.timezone.utc) - datetime.timedelta(hours=1)
).isoformat()

last_from: str | None = None
fetched_pages: int = 0

for resp in api_client.scroll(
    method="POST",
    url="/firework/v4/events/global/_search",
    json={
        "size": 10,
        "order": "asc",
        "from": None,
        "filters": {
            "type": ["chat_message"],
            "estimated_created_at": {"gte": from_timestamp},
        },
        "query": {
            "type": "query_string",
            "query_string": "hello",
        },
    },
):
    # Rate limiting (search).
    time.sleep(1)

    resp_data: dict = resp.json()
    items: list[dict] = resp_data["items"]

    fetched_pages += 1
    print(f"Fetched page {fetched_pages} with {len(items)} results...")

    # Save the last "next" value.
    last_from = resp_data.get("next") or last_from

    # (Optional): Get the full data
    for item in items:
        # Rate limiting (default).
        time.sleep(0.25)

        event_response = api_client.get(
            url="/firework/v2/activities/",
            params={
                "uid": item["metadata"]["uid"],
            },
        )

        full_data = event_response.json()
        print(f"Here is the full data of the event: {full_data}")

print(f"The next execution could resume using {last_from=}.")
```
</Accordion>

</AccordionGroup>
