docs/guides/ioc-feeds.mdx, before:

---
title: "Intelligence Feeds"
---

import GatedAccessFeatureAddon from '/snippets/gated-access-feature-addon.mdx';

<GatedAccessFeatureAddon />

Flare exposes Intelligence Feeds delivered via
[TAXII 2](https://oasis-open.github.io/cti-documentation/taxii/intro.html)
at `https://api.flare.io/taxii2/`.

## Available Feeds

| Feed | TAXII 2 ID |
| ---- | ---------- |
| Full Feed (with context) | `d6092c37-d8d7-45c3-8aff-c4dc26030608` |
| IPV4 Only | `feed--689f0191-3b4d-47c8-9313-85820aae7c27` |
| Domains Only | `feed--a2e7ea2d-ec01-4550-91e5-1316282d01a0` |
| URLs Only | `feed--af0848cc-ae01-4937-93fe-5d9bf69ba3d2` |

Feed URLs can be constructed using:
- Format: `https://api.flare.io/taxii2/collections/<TAXII 2 ID >/`
- Example: `https://api.flare.io/taxii2/collections/d6092c37-d8d7-45c3-8aff-c4dc26030608/`

## Authentication

The intelligence feeds use HTTP Basic Auth, which most TAXII clients support:
- The username should be set to `api-key`.
- The password should be your Flare API Key.

Obtaining an API key is documented in the
[Authentication Guide <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/concepts/authentication).

## Code Examples

Code examples for connecting to the feeds can be found in this Github repository:
- https://github.com/Flared/ioc-feeds-example

The following example uses `taxii2-client`, which is
[available on PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/taxii2-client/).

```python
import datetime
import os

from taxii2client.v21 import Server
from taxii2client.v21 import as_pages


def main() -> None:
    server = Server(
        "https://api.flare.io/taxii2/",
        user="api-key",  # Do not change the user.
        password=os.environ["FLARE_API_KEY"],
    )

    print(server.title)

    api_root = server.api_roots[0]

    start_date: datetime.datetime = datetime.datetime.now() - datetime.timedelta(
        hours=2
    )

    # Iterate through the available collections and print new items
    for collection in api_root.collections:
        print(collection.title)

        # Pagination request.
        for envelope in as_pages(
            collection.get_objects,
            per_request=50,
            added_after=start_date,
        ):
            print(envelope)


if __name__ == "__main__":
    main()
```

Commit message:

add 2 query parameters for taxii2 endpoints

docs/guides/ioc-feeds.mdx, after:

---
title: "Intelligence Feeds"
---

import GatedAccessFeatureAddon from '/snippets/gated-access-feature-addon.mdx';

<GatedAccessFeatureAddon />

Flare exposes Intelligence Feeds delivered via
[TAXII 2](https://oasis-open.github.io/cti-documentation/taxii/intro.html)
at `https://api.flare.io/taxii2/`.

## Available Feeds

| Feed | TAXII 2 ID |
| ---- | ---------- |
| Full Feed (with context) | `d6092c37-d8d7-45c3-8aff-c4dc26030608` |
| IPV4 Only | `feed--689f0191-3b4d-47c8-9313-85820aae7c27` |
| Domains Only | `feed--a2e7ea2d-ec01-4550-91e5-1316282d01a0` |
| URLs Only | `feed--af0848cc-ae01-4937-93fe-5d9bf69ba3d2` |

Feed URLs can be constructed using:
- Format: `https://api.flare.io/taxii2/collections/<TAXII 2 ID >/`
- Example: `https://api.flare.io/taxii2/collections/d6092c37-d8d7-45c3-8aff-c4dc26030608/`

## Authentication

The intelligence feeds use HTTP Basic Auth, which most TAXII clients support:
- The username should be set to `api-key`.
- The password should be your Flare API Key.

Obtaining an API key is documented in the
[Authentication Guide <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/concepts/authentication).


## Query Parameters

| Parameter name | Description | Example |
| -------------- | ----------- | ------- |
| added_after | filter the IOCs that were added after the timestamp  | `?added_after=2026-02-04T12:05:00.000Z` |
| limit | restricts the results by the specified amount | `?limit=25` |

## Code Examples

Code examples for connecting to the feeds can be found in this Github repository:
- https://github.com/Flared/ioc-feeds-example

The following example uses `taxii2-client`, which is
[available on PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/taxii2-client/).

```python
import datetime
import os

from taxii2client.v21 import Server
from taxii2client.v21 import as_pages


def main() -> None:
    server = Server(
        "https://api.flare.io/taxii2/",
        user="api-key",  # Do not change the user.
        password=os.environ["FLARE_API_KEY"],
    )

    print(server.title)

    api_root = server.api_roots[0]

    start_date: datetime.datetime = datetime.datetime.now() - datetime.timedelta(
        hours=2
    )

    # Iterate through the available collections and print new items
    for collection in api_root.collections:
        print(collection.title)

        # Pagination request.
        for envelope in as_pages(
            collection.get_objects,
            per_request=50,
            added_after=start_date,
        ):
            print(envelope)


if __name__ == "__main__":
    main()
```
