docs/guides/tenant-credentials.mdx, before:

---
title: 'List Credentials Within a Tenant'
---

Browsing credentials within a tenant is exposed through the
[List Tenant Credentials <Icon icon="code" size={16} />](/api-reference/v2/endpoints/me/get-mefeedcredentials)
API.

This guide explains how to use the tenant feed API to perform a full export
of all credentials results.

## Paging

The tenant credentials feed endpoint uses parameters that match the
[Flare standard paging pattern <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/concepts/paging).

## End-to-End Examples

These are end-to-end examples in various programming languages.

<AccordionGroup>

<Accordion title="Python SDK Example">
```python
import time

from flareio import FlareApiClient


api_client = FlareApiClient.from_env()

last_from: str | None = None
fetched_pages: int = 0

for resp in api_client.scroll(
    method="GET",
    url="/firework/v2/me/feed/credentials",
    params={
        "from": last_from,
        "order_type": "asc",
    },
):
    # Rate limiting.
    time.sleep(1)

    resp_data: dict = resp.json()

    fetched_pages += 1
    num_results: int = len(resp_data["items"])
    print(f"Fetched page {fetched_pages} with {num_results} results...")

    # Save the last "next" value.
    last_from = resp_data.get("next") or last_from

    for item in resp_data["items"]:
        print(item)

print(f"The next execution could resume using {last_from=}.")
```
</Accordion>

</AccordionGroup>

Commit message:

docs: use limiter in examples (#194)

docs/guides/tenant-credentials.mdx, after:

---
title: 'List Credentials Within a Tenant'
---

Browsing credentials within a tenant is exposed through the
[List Tenant Credentials <Icon icon="code" size={16} />](/api-reference/v2/endpoints/me/get-mefeedcredentials)
API.

This guide explains how to use the tenant feed API to perform a full export
of all credentials results.

## Paging

The tenant credentials feed endpoint uses parameters that match the
[Flare standard paging pattern <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/concepts/paging).

## End-to-End Examples

These are end-to-end examples in various programming languages.

<AccordionGroup>

<Accordion title="Python SDK Example">
```python
from flareio import FlareApiClient
from flareio.ratelimit import Limiter


api_client = FlareApiClient.from_env()

limiter = Limiter.from_seconds(1)

last_from: str | None = None
fetched_pages: int = 0

for resp in api_client.scroll(
    method="GET",
    url="/firework/v2/me/feed/credentials",
    params={
        "from": last_from,
        "order_type": "asc",
    },
):
    # Rate limiting.
    limiter.tick()

    resp_data: dict = resp.json()

    fetched_pages += 1
    num_results: int = len(resp_data["items"])
    print(f"Fetched page {fetched_pages} with {num_results} results...")

    # Save the last "next" value.
    last_from = resp_data.get("next") or last_from

    for item in resp_data["items"]:
        print(item)

print(f"The next execution could resume using {last_from=}.")
```
</Accordion>

</AccordionGroup>
