docs/sdk/cli.mdx, before:

---
title: "CLI (beta)"
---

<Note>
The CLI utility is still in beta and is subject to change.
</Note>

Flare publishes a [CLI interface](https://github.com/flared/flareio-cli) for interacting with the Flare API.
It automates basic tasks such exporting events to output files.

## Installing

`flareio-cli` is [available on PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/flareio-cli/).
You may find all available versions on the Github [releases](https://github.com/Flared/flareio-cli/releases) page.

Invoke it directly using [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) (recommended):
```bash
# Running the most recent version.
uvx flareio-cli --help

# Running a specific version. Recommended to ensure stability.
# Example: uvx flareio-cli@0.5.0 --help
uvx flareio-cli@version --help
```

Or install it:
```bash
# Using uv
uv tool install flareio-cli

# Using pip
pip install flareio-cli
```

## Configuration

Most commands will require exporting environment variables `FLARE_API_KEY` and `FLARE_TENANT_ID`:
```bash
export FLARE_API_KEY="<api-key>"
export FLARE_TENANT_ID="<tenant-id>"
```

## Features

### Discovering Commands

You may discover all commands using `help`:
```bash
uvx flareio-cli help
```

### Exporting Tenant Events

You may export a tenant's events to a CSV using the `export-tenant-feed` command:
- The output will be written to `output.csv`.
- The `cursor.txt` file can be used to resume the export from the last place it stopped.

```bash
uvx flareio-cli export-tenant-feed \
    --cursor-file=cursor.txt \
    --output-file=output.csv \
    --from-date=2025-01-01
```

### Exporting Tenant Credentials

You may export a tenant's credentials to a CSV using the `export-tenant-credentials` command:
- The output will be written to `output.csv`.
- The `cursor.txt` file can be used to resume the export from the last place it stopped.

```bash
uvx flareio-cli export-tenant-credentials \
    --cursor-file=cursor.txt \
    --output-file=output.csv
```

## Feedback

The `flareio-cli` project is still considered beta.
Feedback may be directed to the [Github project's issues](https://github.com/Flared/flareio-cli/issues).

Commit message:

cli: document export-identifier-credentials

docs/sdk/cli.mdx, after:

---
title: "CLI (beta)"
---

<Note>
The CLI utility is still in beta and is subject to change.
</Note>

Flare publishes a [CLI interface](https://github.com/flared/flareio-cli) for interacting with the Flare API.
It automates basic tasks such exporting events to output files.

## Installing

`flareio-cli` is [available on PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/flareio-cli/).
You may find all available versions on the Github [releases](https://github.com/Flared/flareio-cli/releases) page.

Invoke it directly using [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) (recommended):
```bash
# Running the most recent version.
uvx flareio-cli --help

# Running a specific version. Recommended to ensure stability.
# Example: uvx flareio-cli@0.5.0 --help
uvx flareio-cli@version --help
```

Or install it:
```bash
# Using uv
uv tool install flareio-cli

# Using pip
pip install flareio-cli
```

## Configuration

Most commands will require exporting environment variables `FLARE_API_KEY` and `FLARE_TENANT_ID`:
```bash
export FLARE_API_KEY="<api-key>"
export FLARE_TENANT_ID="<tenant-id>"
```

## Features

### Discovering Commands

You may discover all commands using `help`:
```bash
uvx flareio-cli help
```

### Exporting Tenant Events

You may export a tenant's events to a CSV using the `export-tenant-feed` command:
- The output will be written to `output.csv`.
- The `cursor.txt` file can be used to resume the export from the last place it stopped.

```bash
uvx flareio-cli export-tenant-feed \
    --cursor-file=cursor.txt \
    --output-file=output.csv \
    --from-date=2025-01-01
```

### Exporting Tenant Credentials

You may export a tenant's credentials to a CSV using the `export-tenant-credentials` command:
- The output will be written to `output.csv`.
- The `cursor.txt` file can be used to resume the export from the last place it stopped.

```bash
uvx flareio-cli export-tenant-credentials \
    --cursor-file=cursor.txt \
    --output-file=output.csv
```

### Exporting Identifier Credentials

You may export an identifier's credentials to a CSV using the `export-identifier-credentials` command:
- The output will be written to `output.csv`.
- The `cursor.txt` file can be used to resume the export from the last place it stopped.

```bash
uvx flareio-cli export-identifier-credentials \
    --identifier-id=123 \
    --cursor-file=cursor.txt \
    --output-file=output.csv
```

## Feedback

The `flareio-cli` project is still considered beta.
Feedback may be directed to the [Github project's issues](https://github.com/Flared/flareio-cli/issues).
