docs/sdk/python.mdx, before:

---
title: "Python SDK"
---

Flare has a Python SDK available on PyPI. It is a light wrapper around
[requests](https://pypi.org/project/requests/)
that automatically manages API authentication.

## Links

- [Github Repository](https://github.com/Flared/python-flareio)
- [PyPI Page](https://pypi.org/project/flareio/)

## Installing

```bash
pip install flareio
```

## Basic Usage

The `flareio` package provides the `FlareApiClient` class, which automatically manages
authentication and exposes `get`, `post`, `put`, and `delete` methods.

```python Basic Usage Example
import os

from flareio import FlareApiClient


client = FlareApiClient(
    api_key=os.environ["FLARE_API_KEY"],
    tenant_id=None,  # Use my default tenant.
)

resp = client.get("/tokens/test")

print(resp.json())
```

## Paging Util

The `FlareApiClient` has a `scroll` method that can be used with endpoints that support the
[Flare standard paging pattern <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/concepts/paging).

```python Paging Util Example
import os
import time

from flareio import FlareApiClient


api_key = os.environ.get("FLARE_API_KEY")
if not api_key:
    raise Exception("Please provide an API key")

api_client = FlareApiClient(api_key=api_key)

last_from: str | None = None
fetched_pages: int = 0

for resp in api_client.scroll(
    method="GET",
    url="/leaksdb/v2/sources",
    params={
        "from": None,
    },
):
    # Rate limiting.
    time.sleep(1)

    # Get results from the response
    resp_data = resp.json()
    items = resp_data.get("items")

    fetched_pages += 1
    print(f"Fetched page {fetched_pages} ({last_from=}) with {len(items)} items...")

    # Save the last "next" value.
    last_from = resp_data.get("next") or last_from

print("The last value for 'next' was", last_from)
```

## Custom Session

The `FlareApiClient` can be initialized with a custom `requests.Session`. This allows, for example,
to inject custom retry configuration.


```python Custom Session
import requests

from flareio import FlareApiClient
from requests.adapters import HTTPAdapter
from urllib3.util import Retry


session = requests.Session()
retries = Retry(
    total=5,
    backoff_factor=2,
    status_forcelist=[429, 502, 503, 504],
    allowed_methods={"GET", "POST"},
    backoff_max=15,
)
session.mount(
    "https://",
    HTTPAdapter(
        max_retries=retries,
    ),
)

api_client = FlareApiClient(
    api_key="fw_...",
    session=session,
)
```

Commit message:

sdk docs: document from_env

docs/sdk/python.mdx, after:

---
title: "Python SDK"
---

Flare has a Python SDK available on PyPI. It is a light wrapper around
[requests](https://pypi.org/project/requests/)
that automatically manages API authentication.

## Links

- [Github Repository](https://github.com/Flared/python-flareio)
- [PyPI Page](https://pypi.org/project/flareio/)

## Installing

```bash
pip install flareio
```

## Basic Usage

The `flareio` package provides the `FlareApiClient` class, which automatically manages
authentication and exposes `get`, `post`, `put`, and `delete` methods.

```python Basic Usage Example
import os

from flareio import FlareApiClient


client = FlareApiClient(
    api_key=os.environ["FLARE_API_KEY"],
    tenant_id=None,  # Use my default tenant.
)

resp = client.get("/tokens/test")

print(resp.json())
```

## Creating a client from environment variables

The Flare SDK automatically recognizes the `FLARE_API_KEY` and `FLARE_TENANT_ID` environment variables.

For example, you may expose the variables, and then create an API client from them:
```shell
export FLARE_API_KEY="<api-key>"
export FLARE_TENANT_ID="<tenant-id>"
```

```python
from flareio import FlareApiClient

client = FlareApiClient.from_env()

resp = client.get("/tokens/test")

print(resp.json())
```

## Paging Util

The `FlareApiClient` has a `scroll` method that can be used with endpoints that support the
[Flare standard paging pattern <Icon icon="book" size={16} />](/concepts/paging).

```python Paging Util Example
import os
import time

from flareio import FlareApiClient


api_key = os.environ.get("FLARE_API_KEY")
if not api_key:
    raise Exception("Please provide an API key")

api_client = FlareApiClient(api_key=api_key)

last_from: str | None = None
fetched_pages: int = 0

for resp in api_client.scroll(
    method="GET",
    url="/leaksdb/v2/sources",
    params={
        "from": None,
    },
):
    # Rate limiting.
    time.sleep(1)

    # Get results from the response
    resp_data = resp.json()
    items = resp_data.get("items")

    fetched_pages += 1
    print(f"Fetched page {fetched_pages} ({last_from=}) with {len(items)} items...")

    # Save the last "next" value.
    last_from = resp_data.get("next") or last_from

print("The last value for 'next' was", last_from)
```

## Custom Session

The `FlareApiClient` can be initialized with a custom `requests.Session`. This allows, for example,
to inject custom retry configuration.


```python Custom Session
import requests

from flareio import FlareApiClient
from requests.adapters import HTTPAdapter
from urllib3.util import Retry


session = requests.Session()
retries = Retry(
    total=5,
    backoff_factor=2,
    status_forcelist=[429, 502, 503, 504],
    allowed_methods={"GET", "POST"},
    backoff_max=15,
)
session.mount(
    "https://",
    HTTPAdapter(
        max_retries=retries,
    ),
)

api_client = FlareApiClient(
    api_key="fw_...",
    session=session,
)
```
